Good afternoon, good evening. Welcome folks to session 10 and our third to last session of Empower Labs cohort four. 


Today we're focused on identifying your business's competitive advantage. So we'll be examining systematic and data-driven approaches to maintaining market leadership. 


AI enablement has allowed us to do what would have historically taken months to do in your days or weeks. 


And we need to be using these tools to future-proof businesses we go ahead and look at the program timeline, this is our third session together this week, and we meet again on Monday and then have our final session next Friday. 


I'm gonna go ahead and launch our poll. So we are launching our poll here, looking at our milestone check-in. This week, we asked you to prepare for implementation and create your initial implementation plan. 


Looking at the responses, some of you are in progress. Some of you have not yet started. And that's totally okay. A reminder that this is a transformation. So taking all the time that you need to do these exercises, thinking deeply about your business and being strategic and systematic is important. 


You'll continue to have access to the curriculum after we wrap next week. So you can continue to go through the program at your pace. looking to see if anyone is willing to share in the chat what your insights are around prioritizing and creating your implementation plan. 


We have a few minutes to sort of talk through some of that if there's any interest. Is everyone feeling Zoom shy today? Okay. Okay, so what we're covering today is the R in empower. 


So this is for robust market position. If you think about the three layers of business process, we're at the enabling processes layer. 


We're looking at how to position your business to stand out in the marketplace. Today, we're covering three main things. First, we're looking at leveraging AI to monitor competitors, predict shifts, and build your defensible advantages. 


Then we're going to be looking at product or service expansions. And finally, we're going to examine how to future-proof and right-size your business. 


And with that, I'm going to throw it over to Hayden to get us started. Thank you, Midori. this is a... somewhat different approach to this session, because AI is actually just so good at this particular piece. 


I decided I'd sort of talk and give examples of what it can do, as well as actually just give examples of prompts that you can bring to Claude. 


The way I would actually recommend using this, obviously, we're going to talk and present and go back and forth and have a Q&A. 


but I would recommend taking this deck after the fact and anything that seems relevant, like literally just using some of the prompts because it's the easiest way to kind of see what AI can do for you. 


As Murray said, we're sort of splitting this up into three different parts. So we're gonna go over sort of the external market view first. 


So one thing that AI can do is it can actually sort of analyze industry trends as well as competitor moves. 


This is something that pretty much every small business doesn't have time to do, but it's something that's very simple to set an agent up to do or a simple cron job to do, you know, something similar to that competitor report we did back in session five and just see what might be changing, what risks might exist, right? 


If you have regulatory risks, you might want to be checking news items related to that. I know one of our businesses had a fairly large regulatory shift about six months ago that we were actually able to learn about through AI before it happened, which was nice. 


There's also a predictive approach to basically anything that has data related to your customers, even social media and sentiment analysis. 


And obviously being able to do this can give you a strong competitive advantage. So one of the things that you can start testing with and you can start using sort of like deep research style prompts is just analyze industry trends, right? 


What should we prepare for? You can ask it to use the PESTLE framework, which is P-E-S-T-L-E, if you want to give it like an actual framework to follow. 


And yeah, you'll be amazed at what it knows, especially because you have a master prompt that AI understands your business well. 


So as we go, if anyone has any questions, feel free to type it in the chat. Midori, I'm not looking at the chat, but you can interrupt me. 


So just because we may have questions related to each individual slide. The other thing that you can do very easily with AI is you can actually size your market. 


Again, a lot of people haven't actually sized their market or haven't sized their market since they started their business maybe and did a business plan in the first place. 


Um, and they don't actually even know their market share. Um, so, you know, typically when, as a, from a diligence perspective, we're always trying to determine, you know, market share of a business before we buy. 


Um, so understanding the difference between your total addressable market, your TAM and your SAM, which is your serviceable addressable market, um, is something very useful and understanding how to sort of bring your SAM closer to your TAM, um, over time is, uh, something that AI can, can help you plan. 


Obviously entering new markets, expanding, basically expanding service area is something that can be done much, much quicker now. 


So on that note, you can look at geographic analysis, market size by region. If you have a service business, for example, and your techs bring their trucks home with them, technically you can create more GMB listings and expand your market that way because technically you're serviceable area is really the cumulative radius around where your techs live. 


Same goes for if you have a construction business, that I've had certain businesses be able to expand their footprints by either storage unit rentals, depending on what the business is, or even RVs. 


And going further out, you can obviously basically do a prompt like, you know, analyzing your market opportunities by market size competition level and entry difficulty, and basically priority stack different ways either to expand geographically or potentially to expand through sort of vertical integration, adding new products to the same customer base. 


So here's just an example. By doing this, you may start expanding your verticals. Certainly, we've done that in some of our companies. Another question is, and this is a question that is somewhat uncomfortable, but is also quite quite illuminating, which is what would your AI native competitor look like? 


So if someone, if someone, if I were to start your business today, right. And someone were to look at how can I, you know, automate acquisition and ideally automate, you know, pieces of delivery. 


and scale pieces of delivery. How can I use predictive success and how can I expand globally even? That sort of gives you an idea of what the space could look like and also where some opportunities could be. 


And so one of the prompts that's really interesting, and again, you could just screenshot this slide and put it into cloud and just say like, do the prompt at the bottom and we'll then have the context, everything else here. 


but describe an AI first competitor in my industry. What would their operations look like? What would their pricing be like? What would the customer experience be look like? 


Uh, what would the 80, 20 of fulfillment look like if, um, fulfillment was just the piece that was delivered on the computer, right? 


Which may not be your exact competitor. It may be, um, a facet of the industry that becomes AI native. Um, and that on its own can be, um, I mean, a lot of people have found massive business opportunities and some pivots by doing this prompt. 


Um, so in terms of how AI first companies operate, I, so they have automated workflows and decisions, right? 


Instead of manual process processes and handoffs, uh, they have AI power quality assurance instead of human dependent quality control. 


What that means is they need to have a lot more predictability, right? Um, so some of the workflows need to be a bit narrower than what humans can handle. 


Um, obviously exponential scaling and 24 seven global operations. It means, again, an AI-first company would want a significantly narrower scope on what they do, but a potentially infinite scope on who they do it for and when they do it. 


So how they'll take customers and how they'll take market share from you and others would be around predictive lead scoring. 


Obviously, this can be done almost entirely automatically. It can be done through simple research, like all you really need. You can get somebody's name and zip code or name and even city. 


AI can go out and scrape data. tons and tons and tons of information about that person. And then use that not only for sort of lead scoring, but use that for automated nurture with personalized videos and experiences. 


And, you know, the, the top, the top companies will have this continuous optimization of kind of getting a customer in nurturing them with personalized videos, better and better and split testing constantly. 


This is something that, you know, we're focusing on a lot right now in our companies. And then the other piece here is obviously anything that is on a computer, there will be a massive cost collapse on. 


And that over time, that means there's like a limited arbitrage window, right? Where, you know, the first companies to do this will probably just enjoy, either enjoy a very nice margin expansion for a period of time or, you know, steal a bunch of market share quickly. 


But I would say most things that are delivered on a computer will probably have an 80% cost collapse, potentially more. 


And that makes a lot of things that weren't viable before viable today for those companies, right? So, you know, you can make, freemium becomes viable for a lot of things that used to cost significant, like a significant amount of money, right? 


I mean, you've probably seen, you know, lead magnets today are things that would have been, you know, charged two or $300 for in the past. 


So I think we'll see significantly more of that. Again, if you wanted to kind of explore what this looks like, you could just screenshot the slide, put it in and have a conversation with Claude about your particular industry. 


So before we move into the next part, I'm curious to hear from you. What questions are coming up in terms of like, you know, an AI first version of your business or making certain aspects of your business AI first? 


Or have you already seen competitors popping up doing some of this? I have a question. After you, Don. I always jump in first. You go ahead. Thank you. It's not so much a question, but just more of an experience and a reflection and love to hear your perspective. 


Some context, I run a digital agency. I have another business signed up with an AI first agency. unbeknownst to them that I was in the business and went through as if I was a real prospect. 


And I did the same with my team, unbeknownst to them, just to see the real experience of a human-centered digital agency approach and a completely AI one. 


And they came back with a recommendation to spend $90,000 in the first month because that's what the AI said versus what our team came up with, a slow... 


gradual test, look at the data, et cetera. And so I was completely disenfranchised and almost pissed that they could come up with that. 


Yet at the same time, I'm respecting where the industry is going. So I don't really know how to respond to that. If I just shut it down and say it's too AI and there's no real human-centered approach, that could be completely ignorant. 


So I'm just perplexed with how to look at what's coming down there and put it into context with where I am with my company to make sure we're not left behind. 


And it sounds like, um, you just found a poor quality version of this. Um, because I think if you even ask Claude today, if you said, Hey, just, you're my CMO, take over all my marketing, what do I do? 


It's not going to tell you to spend $90,000, um, upfront. Um, So I wonder what context it has. I wonder how it's trained, like what data sets it's trained on, because that's clearly not best practice in the industry. 


Well, they're backed by Anderson Horowitz and have raised a bunch of money and they're here to play and have scaled to 850 customers in 12 months. 


So impressive from that perspective. But just from my experience... it was completely not what I think even an AI enabled agency should be. 


I mean, it disenfranchised me, but yet they've had success and I credit them. So I'm, I'm torn. I just don't know how to digest it all. Yeah. So I think, first of all, there's not really a AI first agency here without a, like a human, a proper human layer, a human in the loop and a taste layer. 


Um, I don't think that really exists today, especially if you call it like digital agency, meaning, um, you know, we customize the client, we do multiple acquisition channels, et cetera. 


Um, I think you may see, you know, very specific by acquisition channel sort of AI first options. Um, but even with an agency, like if you think about. 


So an agency fundamentally your unit economics, you, you have, um, account managers. Right. And account managers are able to fulfill a certain number of accounts. 


And then you typically have sort of back office folks doing, you know, whatever the, the work is, whether it's SEO or ad buying or anything. 


So like the cost collapse there is that the account manager can probably handle three to four X, the accounts by taking a lot of the communication and turning them from meetings into reports. 


Right. And strong, like automated videos. So whereas an account manager might have done maybe a meeting every two weeks or a meeting every week or a meeting, you know, that might turn into a meeting every month or a meeting every eight weeks with a bunch of other updates. 


And then obviously all the backend stuff just turns to zero, very close to zero, right? If I want to do, you know, if I want to go build a hundred links and write a thousand posts, you know, I can do that in cloud code in a morning. 


So, yeah, I don't know if that helps. I think there's a staged approach and everyone is still figuring it out. And there's still a matter of sort of garbage in, garbage out. 


And at least from what you describe your experiences, that it feels like garbage in, garbage out, at least for your use case. 


Because like I said, I think if you brought this to Claude, the exact same idea, and I don't think it would recommend you do that. 


at least not in my experience. Thank you. Don, did you have a question? I don't want to take you off your track here, but I really just wanted to invite you to comment on if you have any insights after you build one of these incredible CIA dossiers on your prospect and you're making custom approaches to them. 


It gets a little creepy, doesn't it? I mean, it depends. It's creepy if you I guess if you expose everything you've learned, right? 


But it's a lot like, I mean, it's a lot like Facebook advertising, right? So if I know, let's say for example, I have a customer and all I have is their email, their name email and their, I don't know, city, right? 


And I'm able to find through research, through cloud code or clay or whatever, I'm able to find their LinkedIn, able to find their job. 


Right. And then I'm able to send, let's say personalized videos around, you know, showing them like like-minded folks that have had success with my products or services. 


Right. And so maybe they are a digital marketing work in digital marketing or they own a digital marketing agency. 


And I can talk about my other customer that, you know, was in digital marketing. and had success and looks just like you, right? That's not necessarily creepy that there might be a sense of how do they know this or it might be a sense of sort of serendipity. 


Like, oh, interesting, yeah. So you do have to be careful, I would say, but I think everyone will also just get very used to it very quickly. 


Thank you, please go on. So product and service expansion. This is one of the areas AI is just fantastic at. And one of the issues with a lot of small businesses is that they actually don't have, you know, they may not have a proper upsell or a proper cross-sells within their customer journey. 


And that's a huge opportunity, right? Obviously, if you're able to optimize for that, you can have stronger lifetime values. 


If you have a stronger lifetime values, you can pay more for a customer, other marketing channels start opening up. 


Right? So in my opinion, a lot of businesses like solving for lifetime value comes first and almost every business that I start or buy, I want to have like a full upsell in place, usually within 90 days. 


Right. Even in power labs, we needed, we made sure we have to have like something ready within 90 days. 


right? Because that's what allows you to optimize and basically be profitable on, on advertising. Um, so this entire piece, um, on expansion opportunities, I basically allows you to upload all your information, right? 


I mean, already your master prompt knows most of it and allows you to do an analysis, you know, segment out your customers, um, and then come up with ideas for expansion revenue per customer segment, right? 


And so your basic calculation is your current base rate times your adoption rate times your average expansion revenue per customer equals your gross potential. 


And so you simply explain this, again, screenshot, these slides were designed to be screenshotted and put in, and then you guys can have conversations. 


But screenshot this, talk about it, and you'll likely find a bunch of different options to, again, prioritize and kind of stack rank. 


The beauty, again, of AI, especially if a lot of these things are more digital in nature, I mean, even if they're not digital in nature, even if it's all, you know, even if you're electricians or landscapers, the actual creation of the product, the creation of the process to do it, the go-to-market side of it is done in probably 1 20th, maybe 1 30th of the time. 


that I used to take. And we'll go over that in some of our other slides. We talked a little bit in one of the previous sessions about the customer journey and ascension points for customers. 


This is another example of working with LLMs to determine what are the actual ascension points and automatic triggers. 


And also as you're designing these new paths for customers, how to design those in Mayan, right? So usage patterns, life cycle stages, stage progression, support ticket themes. 


I obviously, again, same idea, screenshot this, talk about it if it's something that you're interested in. 


Um, one of the, one of the sort of software and SAS metrics, um, that I love taking from that space and bringing to other customer companies is this idea of expansion revenue, um, and like net revenue retention, which is really huge in SAS. 


Um, it's huge in, you know, monthly retainer style contracts, but not as big in other companies. Um, So again, this is something you could bring to an LLM and basically design a dashboard to track expansion revenue success with leading and lagging indicators. 


This is another prompt that suggests, especially if you don't understand this, you kind of combine with some of the previous slides to understand what this could look like. 


It was I think there's another slide on this later, but I'll mention it now. So you also want to create like a funnel. So understand the funnels as you design new products upsells. 


So exactly what do the conversion points of each layer of the funnel look like? What are your conversion rates? What's the expansion revenue? Break that all down. You can have Claude do that in a spreadsheet for you. 


if you want to play with it, or you can have Claude just build up a little React app that you can kind of customize and share. 


If you're looking to product manage and improve the product, more data is better, right? And so traditional prioritization is that loudest customers get heard, right? 


The squeaky wheel gets the grease or it's ad hoc and owner opinion drives decisions. So the AI driven version of this is that you get your data in order first, and you feed AI your data. 


We'll go over that in the next section. But you make this highly systematic. So that is both in product roadmaps on your own existing products and services, but it's also in your expansion roadmap. 


So for those who aren't doing it already, if you have support tickets, if you have support email, if you have usage analytics, your Google analytics, your Facebook ads, everything, your social mentions of your CSAT surveys, all of this should be dumped into AI. 


The very, very basic version of this would be just dump it into Cloud and have it analyze it. and have it create reports, the more advanced versions of this would be to feed it into a database. 


I think we went over this briefly on the office hours, but you can also, if you use Obsidian, one thing you can also do is feed it into Obsidian and have Obsidian installed in wherever you have like Cloud Code or Codex installed, and basically have your Obsidian be a database and have a vector layer above it to sort of get a semantic searching. 


We'll probably get into that in some videos later. Same idea here. Use data to basically create service development plans based on customer feedback and competitive analysis. 


Again, depends quite heavily on your niche. So the next step, assuming you've found something, you may have found an interesting idea for product expansion, is how do you kind of take the MVP lens, right, and bring it to Cloud and accelerate it through Cloud? 


So the iteration feedback loop on prototyping and MVP is like immediate now. It used to be that you had an idea, you sort of created a plan, you brought it to a developer, developer started building it out, you tested it with customers, came back and iterated. 


Now you can just vibe code that. So for those who have not vibe coded, AI Studio is my favorite of the sort of just online more or less free versions of doing this if you're not already using Cloud Code or Codex or something. 


Um, so it's AI studio.google.com. Um, here you can literally, so the little hack for that is, uh, is a prompt like this, which is like design a pilot test for the new service. 


Uh, and then as it goes on further, have it, uh, design a, basically a product roadmap, um, for it. 


And then you just copy and paste that into AI studio to follow it. Um, so it's a PDR. Another thing is like CBA. So cost benefit analysis. That's another thing that, you know, a small business would almost never do. 


Right. To try to calculate expected value of a project. Right. Now it's a single prompt. Right. And so just ask it to do a cost benefit analysis. Obviously, cloud understands this. 


But anything that you've planned out, you can fully understand the cost, the benefit and map out. the ROI. The only thing to be really aware of here is that Claude has a, all LLMs have a habit of assuming that your costs, especially your time costs for doing things, are the time costs that things took pre-AI, right? 


Because it's trained on that data. It's trained on pre-AI data. And so the I don't know if you've noticed this, but sometimes you'll ask it to, you know, create a plan and it'll say like this one thing will take five hours and actually something that takes like 15 seconds. 


Right. Um, that's because of what it's been trained on. So you need to be, if you do this, just be careful on going back and forth on the actual cost because cloud is like extremely conservative because it's basing it on pre AI, um, time analysis. 


if you're planning out, um, any type of capital allocation, right. Whether that is, um, you know, an acquisition of company, um, or whether that's like the creation of a new, um, acquisition channel or testing of a new acquisition channel, uh, same thing. 


Um, Claude is super, super helpful for this. Um, if you're planning out, uh, a new product service offering, um, and you do a go-to-market analysis, I think we have that in a later slide, Claude can pretty accurately understand the acquisition cost by channel based on benchmarks. 


So this is always the first place I go when thinking about testing out new channels. I think we mentioned this in session five, but just always make sure that you give yourself enough time to test for channels and that you budget enough. 


Typically, I would say most channels will not be profitable day one. Most products you launch will not be profitable day one. There's a bunch of iteration. The nice thing is that the iteration used to take longer, right? 


Now it's faster. But I would still say, like, give yourself three months to test out either a new channel or a new product offering. 


Ah, this was the slide I was looking for. So this is basically modeling the funnel of your revenue. So lead to qualify to opportunities to customers as an example. 


So this is kind of the prompt. So build a conversion funnel model for new offering. Again, screenshot this and put it in. And ideally, you can ask it to do it in Excel or you can ask it to do it as a React app. 


either way, depending on what your preference is. If you're comfortable with Excel, use Excel, I'd say. Hayden, I'm just going to draw your attention to a comment in the chat. 


FM, do you want to ask that out loud? Sure. So back to that prior slide where talk about the numbers. As a member of Acquira, is this something that you help your customers with as well? 


Oh yeah. I mean, this is, uh, yeah, this is the meat and potatoes. Like you have to understand the, I mean, most of the companies that we buy at Acquira are our cash. 


It's like you're buying it based on cashflow and a multiple of cashflow. Um, so I would say most people who own businesses aren't sometimes they're doing that. 


And then sometimes it's, uh, more of a tuck in acquisition in which case, which can often be even better, uh, from a numbers perspective. 


but you really do need to know your numbers. More like where this led up to as a part of a roll-up strategy and looking at the different opportunities that might exist by doing all the tuck-ins. 


Do you help think through all of that to where there might be able to find hidden jewels that are just sleeping? 


Yeah, yeah. So I just visited a company on Saturday. They've done two tuck-ins. Both tuck-ins were, from an EBITDA perspective, EBITDA negative. 


Both were like two-thirds seller financing and very small tuck-ins, right? Like 400K each. And in both, just from the customer list and using like Chirp to reach out to the customer list, it's generating about 100K a month in gross profit from just one of the tuck-ins. 


And it's doing that, I'd say, at probably one-third the capacity it could, like 200 leads a day. Um, so, so there are, this is something I wouldn't have talked about doing because it was very difficult to predict. 


Um, and it was very difficult to have strong conversion on, um, customer lists before compared to today. 


Um, but yeah, that's an example. Uh, and in terms of like a roll up, uh, yeah, you need to roll ups are, are are complicated in the sense that like on, on paper, the math looks great. 


I'm going to roll up, you know, three or four of these things that three X and then combines they've got enough EBITDA for like other financial buyers to be interested and I'm going to go sell it. 


Right. There's a lot more to that. Like there's a, there's a pretty deep integration cost. There's some, I think naivety and assuming that financial buyers are completely unsophisticated and they see a bigger number and go for it. 


Um, and I think also just understanding like the exit is, is not easy. Um, so I actually probably prefer rollups where an exit is an exit is part of the plan. 


Um, whether that's an exit because you are, um, having like a partial exit, um, and like raising more money to, to buy more, um, or whether that's through something like an ESOP, right. 


Where you, or whether there is an actual buyer already in place. I think those things, doing a roll-up in that environment makes a lot more sense than just saying I'm going to buy three things and sell it. 


Thank you. For capital allocation decisions, it can be very difficult for small business owners to have the discipline to basically reject, let's say, deals, whether if you want to buy a business or reject ideas that you may have sort of become emotionally attached to. 


So actually creating frameworks and investment theses for you and your business with AI is extremely useful around capital allocation. 


And this is, yeah, this is like the bread and butter of Acquira in terms of having an investment thesis to buy a business. 


But I think this is also important for any investment decision in your business, right? If I have, you know, you don't want, if you have a million dollars in the bank and, you know, that represents two years of OpEx burn, like that's opportunity being lost. 


So the question then is like, what's the best way to, you know, spend a million bucks? Is it to buy another company? Is it to test new acquisition channels? Is it to do this AI initiative? 


You need to understand sort of what are the, what's the framework to green light or red light those initiatives? 


And AI can do that for you. So go-to-market is like a weird concept. So go-to-market strategy is basically a combination of several different things. 


And if you ask Claude to do it, so something like this, I would probably add to this prompt to do everything in separate artifacts. 


Just asking Claude to give me a go-to-market strategy canvas and put it in new artifacts will get you a ridiculous wealth of information. 


Like I highly recommend you try this prompt if you've never done this before. It will do an analysis of, you know, your ICP and segments of customer acquisition channels and returns. 


So often when I'm sort of just planning something, I'll start with the go to market and then sort of expands, you know, you kind of like one, two punch, This with like the prototyping prompts that we had before. 


And you can, you know, in a single hour or two, like really fully understand like a long roadmap of what launching something would look like. 


Quick question. Sorry to interrupt Hayden on this particular one. Do you do the GTM prompt within your existing project that you are in like HVAC? 


Okay. Not a new chat entirely. Yeah. So I'll do it in a new chat in my master prompt project for the company I'm talking about. 


And so often this is also not just like a new chat and then put this in, it'll be more like I'll chat back and forth with Claude. 


my way of chatting with Claude is always ask me questions, right? I want to do this, ask me questions, answer your own questions, right? 


That goes back and forth for a bit. And so I might talk about, I'm thinking of this new offering, you know, ask me some questions on how it might work. 


And then when it gets to a certain point, I go to this and say, okay, great, create the GTM. And so then it has a ton of context about what I'm looking for. 


Thank you. So part of GTM is acquisition channels, right? Some people here may not have a ton of acquisition channels in place and may be looking at testing out and launching acquisition channels. 


This is a great way to allow AI to help you prioritize them. Again, I would have a conversation back and forth and then lead to something like this. 


Another interesting part of acquisition channels and maybe the digital marketing agency owners in the room will not like me for saying this, but I, part of the ability of creating process, right. 


And being able to create like this whole core process with blueprints and guides. Part of that is nice to be able to document what already exists, but I use it far more to document what I'd like to do. 


Right. And so If I wanted to, let's say I didn't know anything about partnerships, right? Influencer partnerships, but I heard it was a good thing to do, or I didn't know anything about LinkedIn, how to take advantage of like LinkedIn organic, but I knew it was a good thing to do. 


The old way of doing this would be go hire an agency, go hire consultants, have them build this out for you. 


One of the bad things about that is that you don't, you often don't get any of the domain expertise behind it. 


So you, you often don't know whether the consultant is actually good. Um, and so something may not work out and you may not know that it didn't work out because it's the wrong channel for you, or it didn't work out because of incompetence. 


Um, and I I've seen people go through like four or five different agencies, um, or three or four different agencies. 


And they're just like, yeah, marketing doesn't work in my business. But the reality is that no, they just never got a good agency. Right. And they didn't know. Um, The new way that I've been doing things is actually having AI be my tutor and or my team's tutor and have the AI build out all the processes step by step. 


And then we just follow them and we iterate on them. And so we've been calling this like capability install kits, right? So if we want to do a new thing, we literally go out, we go into stage three and we just like map out the entire process. 


We understand it well. And then someone on our team will literally go through it. There's still a world here for consultants and agencies, but it's really more of a check my work function as opposed to do my work for me or even tell me what to do. 


AI, in my opinion, and AI with this process framework is significantly better at defining what to do and how to do it, but it doesn't have the taste and judgment that an expert might have. 


I would say that, yeah, there's a role for consultants, but that role is possibly hourly and it's possibly to involve them when you've put, you know, the four or five hours it takes to like literally map out an entire capability. 


Well, just on that note, you could say, here's my framework or sell it or promote the framework and then be the guide to do it. 


And that's your revenue model there. So you take the agency completely out of the equation, but you have the human centered approach to execute. 


Yeah, I mean, I think a lot of agencies will have to go that the route of we'll train your team and give you the capability. 


So you can also, once you've got a go-to-market in place, you can kind of follow on to that prompt and have it created like a go-to-market timeline. 


So pre-launch, launch phase, growth phase, et cetera. Have it create the entire, you can have it created as Gantt's, you can have it include RACI. 


Again, you may not use this in the type of detail it gives you, but it's very useful to just, because it takes nothing, to do, it's very useful to see what that might look like, right? 


So it's almost like, it's almost like you're previewing, you know, a path of an alternative universe in the future. 


Same thing goes with like launch coordination, right? Again, a lot of these things, when you think of initiating something, you conflate or one conflates many things into one and forgets a lot of the details. 


And so, you know, just understanding what cross team or cross functional dependencies might exist, what communication would be needed, what kind of tracking is needed, etc., is also very useful. 


Again, I look at this not as necessarily like, this is my plan that I'm going to follow so much as like, I want to preview, you know, the actual amount of work it takes to do this thing. 


Yeah, so again, curious in terms of product expansion, in terms like a GTM, what here has kind of caught your attention or what would you like to test or just chat about? 


Yeah, I think we're a small enough group that we can just stay in the and talk as a group here. I'm happy to go, but don't want to take all the oxygen. 


So if anybody else wants to say something. Sorry. Don here. I just want to comment that there was a comment in there about tracking progress. 


And over the last couple of days, thanks to Claude and my work here, I discovered that I could create a pipeline product to keep track of our progress and our various initiatives. 


Cloud took me over to a Supra database and built out the whole SQL database and the interface top to bottom. 


So we're dumping FileMaker. We're not doing any of the commercial products. We have a custom SQL database that we can do anything with from here. 


It took took about 48 hours, you know, over a couple of days. It went from not just being an idea to I'm launching it today. And so, wow. That's amazing. I thought so. Did you do it yourself, Don? 


Yeah. Yeah. And what kind of background do you have? Just for other people to understand, like, do you have a technical background? 


Did you know what relational databases were? Like, had a I will say about 2005, I hired a team in India to build out a MySQL database to create this product that I thought would be extremely valuable. 


I spent about $25,000 doing that, and I could interact with them. I knew what I wanted, and then they were writing all the code and the PHP and everything, and So what got created over a couple of days I think would have cost at least 10 or 15 grand. 


Awesome. And I asked Don, can you just repeat what you created, Don? Yeah. I call it, I call it a pipeline management. And so as a laser coming in and then they get categorized and followed up on. 


And, and so it just tracks the whole from the beginning opportunity all the way to the sale or, or, you know, discarding and, and then keeping track of who are people that are referring to us and, Those are all Ascension opportunities. 


So I've just really created a platform to build on now because I couldn't control it before we were locked into this stupid FileMaker thing. 


And now I can make it do whatever I want from here just by asking Claude to do that for me. And it's amazing how fast it works. So the latticework of what Don set up, it's a super base. 


It's basically he set up a database architecture that he can put anything in, right? and then search for it and access it. And so you could do a lot with that. Like, so it sounds like you're doing mainly CRM style functionality, but we were talking on Wednesday in the office hours about like, how do I dump my email or how do I get, you know, Claude to get insights around email? 


You could dump all your email in there and search it, right? You can dump all your data in there and search it. So have you done any like vector mappings yet done on that data? 


No. No. In fact, I actually made a note here to investigate what a vector mapping is. There you go. Like, just go to that same cloud chat, but, you know, you built this in and just ask, hey, you know, can I add some vector mapping to this, turn it into a RAG-like database? 


Yeah. Yeah. It'll explain it. Uh-huh. And I should mention that so far the Supra is free. It's really dirt cheap. You're not paying for users or seats or anything like that. 


And so it created the whole login by users with their passwords and password resets. All of that stuff was done. That took about 30 minutes. So I think it's – so from here we can now – deploy a lot of the ideas that come up out of participating in this group rapidly and, you know, demonstrating to, you know, to equities owners in this what makes sense and what's possible now that wasn't possible last year. 


Thanks, Don. Jonas, did you have something you wanted to say? No, I was just encouraging FM to say something. Okay. Because he was so polite. Thank you, Jonas. Very briefly, to answer the question that's on the screen, we challenged the team to just reinvent ourselves starting AI first. 


And so we stood up a whole new domain and process and team to compete against the mothership, leveraging 20 years of experience and the people that we have just to see if it'll stick. 


And now we're working through the motions, as you said, and I'm behind by three sessions, so I haven't got as far as I should be, but we're addressing some of those things that we just saw on the slide, which is also why I'm very engaged today and vocal. 


It's really hitting home immensely. So thank you for that. I can say So, you know, I have an English school and it's all in-person lessons in a small city. 


So it's our students come. I'm in Angola. People like to learn in groups. You know, we have 15 students in a group and that's compared to like 50 or 60 in a classroom. 


And until earlier on, you said about that we had to look for a competitor and The last competitor we had in June, you know, went out of business, but I just looked and thinking, I think AI is going to be our competitor. 


It's a language school, you know, and, um, and found one or two small ones that are starting, but how I'm thinking is not to substitute what we're doing, but to enhance our, like to make a kind of blended thing where we are helping our existing students who want to come in person. 


It's very social, you know, they come in, it's a place and there is like a very high positive energy by coming and being with others. 


but to speed up having them interact. And I haven't, I'm just seeing what's all these questions here of kind of ways to do it, but we haven't moved yet, but that's what this is provoking in me of how to make little agents or tools that can be, you know, homework assignments that you go and practice speaking like this, and then you come in class and do it in front of the class with somebody else or something like that. 


Yeah, the environment, the environment in my community, especially in-person community is actually something that that's probably the need for that is going to grow. 


But, and it's absolutely true that you will, you know, you'll compete with more or less free apps that have AI based English language learning. 


Right. But there's always going to be a group of people who are motivated by the community side. And, you know, if you think about like what the job is that you're solving, it may not just be teaching English, right? 


It may be something a lot more like emotional and connection based. But if we can help our students actually become fluent and talk, speak and understand faster, they can even do that more. 


Yeah. Yeah. So a hundred percent implementing that as homework is a, is a great idea. Yeah. Or designing a little app, like again, go to cloud and design an app and put it on the app store. 


It takes no time now. Yeah. Okay. So actually great segue, defensible advantages using AI. So brand is more important than ever, right? And having a human brand and thought leadership becoming a trusted authority in your space, just because there's gonna be, everyone's gonna become overwhelmed with options because the cost of content is dropping so much. 


So if you can, I would say you may have, let's say six to 18 months, depending on your industry, right? 


You may have an opportunity to create a bit of a brand moat and like invest heavily in that space. I would highly recommend you do that because I think pretty much every industry is going to see just a huge glut of content coming out and everyone's going to end up probably surfacing, even settling even more on like real established, established, um, brands. 


Um, obviously this doesn't apply to everyone. Um, you know, proprietary data, um, becomes data is more valuable today with AI as for a lot of the reasons we went over in some of the previous slides here. 


Um, if there are network effects right in your business, obviously that creates a moat. Um, actually a lot of, a lot of businesses have network effects that they're not aware of and they just don't know or they're not optimizing for it, right? 


So even Nancy, your business has network effects, right? The more students that come, the more valuable it is for the group, right? 


And so asking your LLM to help identify some of these sort of defensible advantages like network effects and how to scale these, especially in like the next six to 12 months Um, it's probably a good practice. 


Um, and then switching costs is an interesting, it's an interesting thought experiment. Um, so what, what will the switching costs be? So if you actually take, if you take the path, the AI path in your industry and chat with AI a bit about it, actually try to understand like, what will it cost my customers to switch and who are they switching to in the future? 


Um, and then how can you almost develop your product? to make the integration deeper and the switching costs higher, obviously without making your product worse. 


Again, exploring that path with AI, it will help you learn important things about where the future might be going in your space. 


Um, data can, again, depending on your industry, uh, data has different types of competitive advantages. 


Um, at the very least, um, and we talked about this in office hours, um, having more data allows you to do more with that data and feeding as long as you're able to feed that data to AI. 


And so we were talking even just about like, I think, um, there are a couple of people who have physical, you know, in-person offices. 


and their meetings aren't being recorded. And so one of the first steps is like, how can I just get that data and start making sure all the meetings are recorded? 


Because if all the meetings are recorded, we have more data that we can act on. We can set up agents that are accountability buddies with each individual person. 


We can set up automated reporting so that nobody is manually copying and pasting numbers in. And that's just one example, obviously, Things like getting feedback from customers, right? 


So getting, that's useful data that you can now mine and use a lot of the previous things in this slide to explore how to create better products, right? 


And then there is a continuous improvement loop that can be database and agent-based. That would be like the stage five-ish businesses, right? 


Or stage 4.5 businesses, right? where if your data, if you get enough data from customers that it informs your agents well enough, your agents can continuously improve. 


Again, that's more, there are certain spaces where that's a thing, but I think we're gonna see more and more of that in the coming years. 


Again, here, ask your LLM, you know, what's unique data we collect that competitors don't have? What, is unique data that we could collect, right, that competitors wouldn't have, and how can we use this to our advantage, whether that's to build predictive models, whether that's to create self-improving agents, whether that's to improve more, have better automation, have better accountability, have better delegation, or just have better productivity. 


One other note here, and we'll get into this in the next two sessions. Your employees are a massive wealth of data and knowledge, like a massive, massive wealth. 


So in the Teams program, our whole thing is like a lot of tribal knowledge exists in your employees' heads, but also a lot of innovation exists in your employees' heads. 


And we are starting to see like, for me at least, for the first time, I'm starting to see a lot of innovation in employees. 


our companies and the companies we're teaching that that's coming not from me. And it's coming because it's people being interviewed by AI with a certain lens on that, that kind of creates all of these new ideas and then the AI partnering with them over time to develop the accountability and kind of do what would have been a top-down delegation approach. 


So I would highly encourage to, Well, join teams if you want. But if not, talk to your setup prompts that your employees can use that basically gets data from your employees and then creates really useful outputs with it. 


And then feed that data into a database that you can work with it. Um, think ecosystem. So with whatever you are, whatever your company is, um, you may be providing a service, right? 


Um, instead of just providing a service, think about, you know, building an ecosystem. Um, think about working with partners. I think about referrals and network effects. 


Think about marketplaces, right? All of these things, uh, in my opinion, ecosystems, will be traded much more valuable than services because ecosystems have an innate network effect. 


So one interesting prompt, again, more exploratory, would be how could we transform our service or our company into an ecosystem that creates network effects and partner value around a core business? 


Don, I noticed your hand. Can you hear me okay? Yep. Okay, great. Just a really quick question. The whole idea of mining, you know, the capabilities of the employees, you said join teams if you want. 


And are you talking about using quad teams or is there something else I'm missing? Oh, no. We have a teams program, which we'll talk about if people are interested. 


But, you know, basically we do a custom cohort for your teams. Okay. There's a small plug. Joking. Okay. All right. Great. Um, so same idea if you were to, um, build upon this concept, right. 


Uh, ask what, uh, any, what an ecosystem around your core business might look like, right. Uh, what partners, uh, what integrators, um, what community elements would create the most value? 


I, again, this would be a nice little slide to just kind of screenshot in, uh, and understand. I think just this process, whether or not you do it, just this process, I think will give you a lot of insight into potentially valuable businesses in the future, whether that is something you do or something somebody else does. 


I mentioned this before, but on the trend side, I didn't put this in the prompt, but I probably should have, and I'll edit it in the homework. 


So there's a framework to looking at a lot of external changes called the PESTLE framework, P-E-S-T-L-E. 


So just ask it to do that. It will likely see a lot of things you haven't thought about in your industry, almost certainly. 


Okay. Um, depending on your business stage, I, this is actually more of a reminder to, to just be aware and to right-size, uh, Claude on, on some of the things that you, uh, work on. 


Right. So if you're, if you're a startup, um, you know, you probably should be focusing more on single product market fit, um, your timeline on, on sort of new product cycles would be a lot shorter, right? 


Maybe a month. Um, and your feedback cycle from customers needs to be a lot quicker. Um, so just remember to keep this in mind, um, and maybe remind Claude if it forgets, um, again, just right-sizing, uh, right-sizing for, let's say like a bit more of a growing business, let's say one to $10 million in revenue. 


I, you, you likely have longer development cycles, more budget, your feedback cycles can be a little bit slower. 


Um, And this is typically, this is the business that you're looking for, you know, that expansion product or expansion products. 


And then more established businesses, again, this is revenue based, you know, depending on your industry, this could be, you know, 50 million or above, but you're looking a little bit more about into like portfolio optimization, right? 


So what products, it's like more about like revenue mix shift and you're looking at a little bit more at defense, right? 


And kind of building a moat. And obviously you have the benefit of having longer timelines with your strategic planning. 


So just right size this to your to your business. Silly question, but does the market positioning activities equal R&D as well, or is it a subsection or overarching on that? 


You mean equal R&D and what? Just in terms of the, as a percentage of revenue, would you, is market positioning activities equal R&D or is it a part of it? 


Or I just want to make sure I understand the context of what you're suggesting. As like a budget item? Yeah. Yeah. So I would say, yeah, new product service development would be considered R and D and would go into, if you're like budget allocating would go into a R and D budget. 


Testing new acquisition channels would be, I would say a percentage of marketing spend, which is slightly different. 


And so I would, I would separate those. Like I try to keep about 20 to 30%, depending on the business of marketing spends to test new things. 


whether that's new things in the same channel or new channels. But yeah, on this side, again, it's not expensive. Like that, that's something that's really important to know. 


Like a lot of this stuff that we're going over in these slides is something that you can probably go from start to finish. 


And by finish, I mean like, you know, you have it on your website, you have contracts, you're selling it and you have process in place on how to fulfill it in like under 30 days, so from a budget perspective, I don't know how much you need to allocate. 


Probably more time than anything, but yes. Yeah, it's really, it's more your own attention, and in today's world, it's one of five things that Claude is working on at a time. 


So yeah, I actually, so on the time and money to invest. So the time allocation is the biggest piece. We're going to get into this in the next session. 


Like how should everybody be spending their time going forward? Yeah. This is very ballpark. And I don't think the numbers actually are important. 


I think it's more important that you actually budget it. And because the numbers can vary greatly depending on your cash position, depending on your business as a whole. 


If you have no money in the bank, don't budget any of this, go sell. But the important item here is that you do allocate allocate a piece and I would say the biggest thing is allocating your time. 


So either your time personally, or like your AI operators time or whoever's AI enabled. I look at the, I always played video games growing up and I played like these RTS games, which are like basically resource management games. 


And you could either build up your army or you could build up your workers and your economy and Anyone who played these things, you have to build up your economy first. 


I look at this as your next step is to AI-enable your team, and that is building your economy. Because the more people you arm with this, the more time allocation you can put into this. 


Again, we'll go over that a little bit more in the next session. Yeah, how is everyone thinking right now about your time allocation in relation to AI? 


Like in a given day, how? Heavy. For me, it's 50% of my day now. Is that 50% of your day is used sort of exploring and learning or 50% of your day is just using AI? 


All three. So I try to spend time doodling. I'm just experimenting another 25% with the team, trying to part my knowledge and get the head cheerleader for AI, although I'm not doing as well a job as I should be. 


And then the other one is injecting process from what i've learned doing AI, trying to do it and forcing our engineering team to adopt it, even though they're very stubborn. 


That's awesome. What's the size of your company in terms of like number of employees or. We have like 300 ish. Okay. Good size. Anyone else want to share how they're either currently allocating time or planning on continuing to allocate time? 


Yeah. Since, um, being part of this cohort, I increased allocation, but, uh, still too little, um, uh, compared to what I wish. 


I try to progress with the, yeah, with your prompts. and to get to the point, but in parallel, use it also for decision making. 


And yeah, this is new to me. So it was like Googling with AI before. Now it becomes more concepting, more challenging. For instance, customer quotes. So are we targeting it correctly? 


What do you think? And then Yeah, this is tremendous help, but still, yeah, we are far away from using it as I want to use it. 


And that needs my time. So it's really allocating the right resources. And I think about new business models using AI. So just as a side note, also your service or your awards brought me also to new business model ideas I would like to follow. 


I just need to first build the economy before I can proceed because otherwise otherwise you dig into new projects and you, you will never finish it because you are dispersed. 


Yeah. That's the new challenge is that there's so many things going on, keeping track of it all and closing loops on things is very difficult. 


One thing i would say is that, you know, you mentioned doodling FM, like that's, absolutely right. Um, and there was a period in time where I sort of just, I was kind of doing a lot of things since I probably, I stopped doodling for like, I don't know, maybe two or three weeks. 


And I remember I went to the gym with Tiago and I kind of complained about it and he encouraged me to like, you know, actually I didn't complain about it. 


I said, I was working on this other thing. And then he said, you know, you're gonna lose your edge because you're no longer learning. 


And so, I went home and that was the day, um, that I learned cloud code and I, that, you know, that piece of learning for me was worth, I don't, I don't know. 


I can't, I couldn't put a number on it. Right. But, um, so I think allocating a certain amount of your time to, to trying something new, um, is really important and thinking about like, what is your trigger for yourself to try something new? 


Right. So for example, do you like, you know, watching YouTube videos and like tutorials and just playing along? 


That's a great way, right? That's something new and you'll learn something about it and you'll figure out how to apply it to what you're doing. 


Or sometimes it's just like, take a function in your business and just ask how AI can do it, right? 


So the Elon Musk sort of like, go find the constraint and like work with the developer who is like directly dealing with that constraint and help, help them do that. 


That same kind of approach is like, go, go find the constraint from like a process perspective and then work with something like cloud code to figure out, can you do something with this? 


Right. And just go systematically, right. Put it on your calendar to go systematically process through process or, you know, starting with your, your constraints from the, um, you know, highest constraint down or bottleneck. 


I found those two to be like, those are the two things that usually keep me or prioritize my doodling. 


Another general comment to make, and it's like a couple of people in this cohort, right, who are also were in the first cohort. 


And I mean, I very consciously when you made the offer that there would be like four more of them knew I wanted to go in the last one, because I wanted to see what we could do before that. 


And then my experience this, it's like, when moved over to Claude teams, and I haven't wanted to move over all my stuff, and I've been quite careful, but now in the last one about the organizational and leadership I'm going into that and, you know, it's really taking me deep in remembering how I did I start this and, you know, all the, like writing all of this stuff about the past to the present and this experiment of getting my team. 


We did it today. We didn't work everybody on the phone, but had like six people answering a bunch of these questions. 


And now you keep giving this other idea, like just ask Claude, what are we going to, what, you know, what things could I do? 


And I did it right as you were starting. And it just gave me a whole process of, what I could do and make a map of who's doing the same things and what, what, what the clarity boards could be. 


And so they like, I'm in this, I don't know, the first cohort felt like holding onto the back of Superman's cape, you know, and now I just feel in the midst of the whole world falling apart. 


It's so interesting. And these, I'm still in the iterative process, right? I don't know if we can afford teams, but this being able to come back and in a way go back and then you're, off doing what you can, but you get back by being in the cohort and going through this. 


It's kind of thrilling. I'm very glad to have had that opportunity and will look for more to help to structure that. 


I guess that's what it feels like with all this AI. Here is a roadmap that we're following to whatever extent it's possible to follow, which some of it I'm just not, but pieces of it, it just seems that we're on I feel like I'm on a road and it's a good road and I'm getting good advice and off we go. 


And that's my comment. Yeah. It's, it's over. The pace of change is overwhelming. It's and, and it's, it's exponential, right? Like the time between models is dropping exponentially. 


Model updates is dropping exponentially, but in the quality of the update is getting larger. So, and it's because all of, all of the AI firms have, increasingly become AI first and are using their own, you know, everything's coded in cloud code and codex and nobody is writing code anymore. 


So yeah, it's a big challenge to determine like what is signal versus noise in the space. And I think having a group like participating in circle and, you know, we should probably coordinate more office hours going forward and stuff, just having a group to see what people have learned and played with. 


Uh, one thing I, I, a lot of this is designed for is like, this is very much. There is a, there are like fundamentals of, I'd say like AI adoption and enablement for an individual. 


And, and I think that this cohort is very much designed to get you past sort of into that ready to enter sort of that cloud code zone. 


Right. Um, so I would say most people, the next step should be go install cloud code or codex. Both are good. If you're not a developer, you don't have to actually install it through the command line interface or terminal. 


You can literally just download the Cloud app and run it from there, and it's a lot less intimidating. 


But if I could give you some advice if you haven't used it, that's the next step. If you can, spend a few hours, and that's also very thrilling. 


You'll feel very powerful. Sorry, Hayden, I interrupted you. I've never felt more powerful from just the incredible ability of output. 


Once you're able to do that, you just feel all powerful. I can't explain it. I don't mean that in a bad way. You just feel incredibly competent until Cloud Code goes down. 


And speaking of Cloud Sorry, Christina. Yeah. So you said that's the next step. I haven't tried it yet. For me, it was really if I want to build something new. 


Could you give us just maybe some use cases and easy ones to start off with? So I... You know what I'll do? The last session is going to be like almost half office hours. 


And so I think I'll do it then just because we only have eight minutes right now. I would say if you want to go out and get started, one really quick, interesting, fast hack. 


Does anyone here use Obsidian? Yeah. Okay. Uh, so obsidian is like, uh, kind of like a note taker, like Evernote or one note, but it uses Markdown files. 


Um, and, and it's just hosted, um, in a, in a subdirectory. It's a cloud code. Um, it gets hosted in a subdirectory of your computer and then cloud can control any files within that subdirectory. 


Um, so one little thing to start out with is use cloud code or codex install obsidian. put your vault in the codex subdirectory and start playing with Cloud Code controlling Obsidian. 


Even if all you're doing is like using Cloud Code as literally just prompting, now you can take everything that you do and feed it into Obsidian, which is kind of similar to what Don's doing with his database. 


And from there, so even like a very simple example, so my to-do, right, and all of my projects are all in Obsidian. 


But I just write, I don't even really use Obsidian much. I usually just tell Cloud Code what to do. And it goes and it organizes all my notes, right, and it tags everything. 


And I can ask it. So, for example, working on the right next thing, you know, it will tell me what's on my to-do for today. 


And then I can tell it, what can you do for my to-do? And then it'll get started and we'll work back and forth on it. But this wouldn't work with OneNote, for instance, because I also work with OneNote. 


So I moved from OneNote to Obsidian. And I would really recommend you do so as well. OneNote is very outdated. I've used it for 20 years. But it's my second brain. And Notion versus Obsidian? 


So Notion is more of like a cloud-based tool. and it's kind of got its own ecosystem that it tries to bring you into. I'm just naturally averse to that. I'm more of an open source guy, like to be able to control things. 


Usually it's like Notion versus ClickUp is kind of the question. And maybe the obsidian thing isn't right. I mean, that's something to look into, especially for any other OneNote users. 


The other thing with Cloud Code, that would be like a really simple thing. So what I do in Cloud Code is I basically take the same fundamentals that we taught here and I set up my directory structure to have my companies. 


And then within each company, there's a subdirectory for resources, processes, priorities. And within processes, I have all my processes. And so when you do that, so Cloud Code can use, can navigate and search around all of your folders to find whatever files it needs. 


And so one of the first things you can do is put some processes in there and then just tell Cloud Code, go follow my processes, right? 


Do this thing, follow my processes. And so just having all of that context in one place is like a massive level up, even over what we have right now as a master prompt, because it has now this flexible context to follow everything in your business. 


Right? Because everything will fall into either a resource, a process, or a priority. Okay. Can you just do, give me a link, because i haven't looked at it yet, but i had signed up for tiago's notion template thinking of of also implementing that, and that's how i got to notion how does is is that only like kind of on a personal basis, or how do you bring these worlds together? 


You just talked about the register with the different companies and like, how did you do your ecosystem? 


You mean like, how do I merge the personal and the. Yeah. Or like, would I be setting up, could I also be setting up Tiago's template in obsidian? 


Would you recommend that for what we're doing here? And so, yeah, that brings us to the world's merging kind of. I, yeah. So I would say. So all I can explain is how I do it. 


Um, so Claude, I typically work locally, um, you know, either cloud code or codex in the same directories and the equivalent of my master prompts or across my subject, those directories, including personal, um, and obsidian is my vault that holds everything. 


It's my, my one note now. Right. But the difference is, whereas in one note, I had the habit of, okay, I'm having a meeting. 


I'll go right. And I'll take notes here. Now I just do it in cloud code, but I have a skill to write to obsidian. Right. And I'll just say, put this in obsidian. 


And then every once in a while I'll say, organize everything in obsidian. And every once in a while I say like, imagine you could talk to one note and you could say, you know, what items on my to-do can you get started on right now? 


And it would just go and do stuff. Right. Or ask you a couple of questions and then go and do stuff like that. That's what you can do if you put the certain, right. 


And it costs nothing. Yeah. If you do it in notion, you're, you're, The only issue is that you then fall into notions ecosystem to do it, which means you need to use notions AI. 


You need to use notion, like you don't have the same flexibility. So I don't like that personally, but some people like that. Otherwise Apple wouldn't exist. Really interesting. Thank you. 


I'll just mention that I had dumped all of my stuff into Markdown files. And I dropped all of those into Notebook LM and hit the button that said make a mind map. 


And that was useful. Probably 10 or 15 years of notes, you know, and it's just like, what am I really doing here? 


And I kind of broke it off in the mind map and then try to create structure and, you know, try and understand what I really had to be doing today. 


Right. That's one of, that's another, yeah, it's the same idea. I'd say that's like one of, there are three kind of approaches to the same concept. 


And one of them is using notebook LM and using the notebook LM skill within cloud code or, or building one. 


So if you look at your YouTube videos, there's lots of YouTube videos. around this, around people who basically use Cloud Code with Notebook LM and have them speak to each other. 


The main reason you want to do this would be to save tokens, because Notebook LM can do a lot of processing on its own for free. 


And to share the notebooks, that's useful. And then to use the functionality that Notebook LM innately does, like building presentations and building podcasts and videos and mind maps. 


So that's one, so Notebook LM is one, so Cloud Code to Notebook LM is one, Cloud Code to Obsidian is another, and then Cloud Code to like Supabase and like your own custom database would be another, but that's a lot more complex. 


That's nothing these days. I'm an expert now. I started three days ago. When you tell Cloud Code to put it in Obsidian, what is it doing? 


Just dumping a bunch of stuff into a note? Yeah, so Obsidian is just a vault. So it's a folder. It's called your vault. And then everything are just .md files. 


And when you create a new node, it's just a .md file. Everything's in Markdown. You don't need to do anything. You can just tell Cloud Code to go install stuff. 


Yeah, it's worth checking out for people who've been meaning to bring their, say, second brain note-taking system to the next level. 


I can't answer on the Notion side because I don't use it, but I can definitely answer here and help out. 


I mentioned that, you know, grabbing the notes, I mastered that. Organizing them, not so much. And so in honor of Tiago, I also installed the Notion template and started using that, and my productivity surged right away. 


I started getting really important stuff done, you know, and setting aside the others. So it would be nice to get everything integrated. My next question I'm going to investigate is what can I export out of motion that will make sense? 


So our next session is on Monday. So we have one on Monday and one on Friday. And then I think no office hours next week. But a lot of Friday will be open. The homework for this session, there's really only like the kind of the process development side. 


There's no assessment for product service development because most people don't have a process for it. 


Um, and then there's a lot of optional homework, um, for those that want to do it. Um, and I would also say every single prompt on pretty much every single slide of this deck is optional homework. 


Um, again, I think just putting it in, if something's seems relevant to you, just like screenshotting it, putting it in and like spending five minutes talking with AI can be quite enlightening, um, and can teach you something maybe about what I, what AI can do that you weren't aware of. 


Um, so. If you can, get to the optional stuff. If not, that's fine. Awesome. Thank you everyone. Have a great weekend. Thank you. You too. Happy Friday. Take care. Bye-bye. 