Welcome to office hours. Today is actually our last office hours. It's so good to see so many of you here today. Our most recent sessions covered execution systems and marked a change in how we think about and run prompts, giving you the chance to engage in prompt design yourself. 


Again, this is our last office hours, so don't feel like you have to limit yourself to our most recent sessions with your questions. 


We can discuss any insights or tensions and talk broadly about the program and future of AI enablement more broadly. 


If anyone wants to jump in, feel free. though this is the last office hours, there are sessions a little bit more frequently, Fridays and Mondays, so we'll also have Q&A there, too. 


All right, nobody's brave, huh? Well, thanks for being here once again. And I'll just maybe get the conversation started a little bit with my current engagements that are happening in the world of brain up, dealing with employees, trying to understand what people are doing and why, and discovering that's a whole can of worms all by itself. 


And Hayden, I just thought I would invite you to speak to this a little bit further in terms of You know, it's occurring to me that I kind of want to hand out forms or have a web form and invite the players to answer some questions ahead of time. 


And you may have gone down that path already to kind of get things started. So the approach that I've taken is, so in the Teams program, basically we have the first three sessions are fairly similar, like teaching kind of the foundations. 


right, of process and value drivers, et cetera, and having them kind of create things. But I had mentioned this before, but basically the first thing you do is help them create a role master prompt that helps them understand their role better. 


And so very similar idea from the company master prompt, you start small and you add to it and add to it. 


And that culminates in a session with a prompt for the Clarity Board. And the Clarity Board does a lot of different things. So first of all, it surfaces, for a lot of people, things that they've never even done before in their role because of ineffective delegation usually. 


So for example, and I'm not, everyone I'm sure has in some way is ineffective in delegating. Delegating is hard. So in some cases that's like, they're actually writing and issuing their own KPIs for the first time. 


They're actually writing and creating their own OKRs for the first time. And so that's sort of the bottom up process that we are now repeating in usually like 60 day cycles. 


So they basically go through the same prompt. Again, a lot of it's answered for them, just like with a company master prompt, because AI knows them very well due to their role master prompt. 


And so they then answer those questions. It creates their clarity board. It finds opportunities for AI enablement, whether that's actual creation of automation or whether that's creation of prompts. 


It then gets people to create and outline those opportunities themselves and build them. And that kind of cycle, then we use stage three and it's accountability side to kind of follow up on all of those OKRs and opportunities over time. 


And so that kind of, that bottom up approach, I'm pretty weak at like following up with people individually. 


It's just not my strength. So having AI to follow up with people and also having AI to bottoms up support them in identifying OKRs, is really, really helpful. 


And then also, part of the Clarity Board also identifies what people are doing and whether that surfaces a lot of things. 


Sometimes it surfaces a lot of conversations. Sometimes it's like people are doing a lot of busy work and appearing busy, but the work might not be the right thing. 


Sometimes it surfaces that people are super overutilized, sometimes underutilized. That was a long answer. I'm not sure if that was your question. That was great because it sounds like you haven't bothered wasting time asking questions without having them use Quad. 


Yep. Because, you know, there's a scenario where the people have not bought in to any of this. They're leery of it. And so it's like, well, I can get this started by collecting some information and running it for them. 


And then that gets the ball rolling. So. The underlying formula is the same in the sense that you are using the idea of like building up context persistently. 


Right. And then having Claude interview the employee and greatly help their ability to answer those questions and uncover insights through the use of the master prompt or the role master prompt in this case. 


And then those conversations produce multiple outputs, right? So there's processing on the inputs, right? Multiple processing on the inputs that create multiple outputs that are useful to the organization, right? 


So that could be, and one of the companies I'm training right now, they're at the stage where we're like finding divergences from everything from the bottom up we've uncovered and their actual top-down core processes, their company master prompt, et cetera. 


So in that example, it's a single prompt that's literally going through like 40 documents from a single department and then spitting out multiple outputs. 


So it's the same underlying concept, which is how I've learned to work with AI. you invite employees to criticize or to say what isn't working for them or what they see as opportunities? 


Oh, 100%. Oh, 100%. That's a big part of it. could add something there, Don, because somehow you mentioned, or maybe I watched the clarity board thing. 


And next time I can give a report, because I got inspired to do this at one of our school sites where we have about four different people working in reception. 


And I got Claude to give me a draft of how I could do that. And it started out with a form. And then I said, well, couldn't I do it? Because I'm using Claude sometimes on the phone, and then it's really helpful just to talk to it. 


And so now we got a whole list, and then I passed it by the management, and we added different questions, all that, like, What don't you like? 


And what else could we help you? And so tomorrow we're going in the Claude team. We made a special project inside of that location's Claude team. 


And then everybody's going to get there. It said to put it in as a project document. And then you just have to open one version on the one phone that says run Beatrice's question thing. 


And then they're going to just talk the answers. And then we get the manager there to say what she thinks everybody's supposed to be doing. 


And now I didn't realize that that should build up. I know what I was going to do with what I get at the end, but it's way more than I would have before. 


that's awesome. So I think that's a great idea, especially for people who are less computer comfortable, is to use voice agents. 


The only thing I'd say is think about what are all of the outputs? And even prompt Claude with this, right? Here's all the inputs that I'm going to be getting. 


based on these conversations, or here's the prompt, based on the inputs that you see I'm going to be getting, give me lots of ideas for like potentially useful outputs, right? 


Whether they're HTML artifacts, whether they're, you know, whatever it is, an app, right? Reporting, right? And see what it gives you. And then basically, you know, you have your outputs based on that. 


And then- I was gonna say, I speak English better than I speak Portuguese, which is what people speak here. 


And so I got all this stuff first in English and then you just say, okay, now give me everything in Portuguese. 


And then you got the whole thing in Portuguese. So another interesting step is once you get a list of those outputs, you can then ask Claude, okay, based on now having all of this right? 


How can I upgrade my business brain? Right. And how can that, you know, help the entire organization and it'll give you more ideas and you can like play with it. 


Go ahead, Janice. I'm not 100% sure if I understood you all correctly. So what I'm wondering is a little bit, how do I practically basically work with my team using cloud or any AI, but basically in this context, cloud? 


Do I have a team's account and make them all share in one project and open up their chats so we all see and you have to have a culture of transparency and that has to probably be one of the core values. 


Otherwise, people are not willing to share openly. where how do you actually then work and share chat's information, feedback, et cetera, in AI or through AI or with AI? 


So two ways you can do it right now. You can do it through a Cloud project, which is your master prompt project. And before you share your master prompts, which your master prompt's pretty much done now. 


I think you have one more session this Friday, which we'll add to it. But you can basically chat with Cloud and say, hey, What elements of this master prompt might be private that I only want leadership to see or I only want ownership to see? 


And it'll go over it and maybe it'll say, hey, everyone's wages are in here, right? Or important financial data is in here. And then you just say, okay, remove that. 


Create a separate version, right? Remove that information. And we're going to call this like the full team master prompt. And you make a project with that and then share that project so that they can't see those those pieces. 


So that's one way with Claude. The other way is use stage three, same thing, right? You can have multiple master prompts. Either way works. And then when you actually introduce it, you basically show them, right? 


I would do a team training, right? Get everyone together, show them how to like start a chat with the master prompt. And then usually I would take people through something that gives a very quick win. 


for them, right? Whatever that is in your situation. And just show them the example, show them the benefit of like the extra context that they get with the master prompt. 


And so how does it loop back then, whatever they type, whatever they chat with? I mean, it's not that I want to do crazy surveillance and want to know everything, but I think it makes sense to somehow feed it back, right? 


And then have a conversation going rather than just one direction. I guess. Yeah. So, so with Claude, you won't really know anything outside of their usage. 


And by usage, I literally mean like percentage max usage. And you won't have the ability to really have them create updates to your master prompt. 


So typically if you're doing this with Claude, you'll have one person, most likely you to start will be like the admin and you'll be the person who's like maintaining the master prompt in Claude. 


which is a bit of a pain. In stage three, there is an ability, which I'll teach, which is how to change the master prompt through the chat, which you can't do in Cloud. 


And so it's just like a slash master prompt update. And it lets you make changes. And then your team, so there's a team owner and there's admins and there's team members. 


And team members can also use that And then it creates a master prompt edit request for the owner to approve. 


And then, and so, yeah, yeah. So that's the, again, it's a challenge we've solved with stage three. Technically, if you use something your own and you want it to surveil, you could, we don't do that. 


Yeah. That's not the idea. I was wondering more how, how the, just the feedback gets back, you know, and Nancy was describing such a conversation type with a lot of people. 


So. Yeah. So. The way, again, with teams, the company master prompt gets up to date with this sort of approval system within stage three. 


And then the role master prompt has a separate section within stage three called my role master prompt for each team member, and they add to it. 


And so that increases the AI's knowledge of just them personally. And you can actually see in stage three, you can see how many knowledge documents each person on the team has, right? 


Awesome. I'm going to add one thing I had asked Claude, like, what do I do now that I'm going to create this special, you know, extra, the name of the place is Lobito. 


So they're going to have their own project mass, and then they're going to have the data. And it said, well, after it does whatever it is, we wanted the outputs to ask that to make it into a document that I can then put into my master prompt as a summary of what that Sounded reasonable. 


So maybe this is useful to see. Great, Pablo, I'll get to you in a second. So this is like the role master prompt. So an admin in an organization can see all of the people and their teams and how they're using it. 


And then how many files they have within their role master prompt. Because as they work with it, there's a whole curriculum that adds to it. 


And so then you can go through and you can actually see each of the files, download them, look at them, prompt with them. 


You can actually add them to processes here. Some of these are in German. But they create these files in Cloud, basically, and then upload them to stage three to have the content. 


Yeah, that's how they did it in this team's curriculum. But you can also do it within the chat here. Oh, good. Yeah, so one of the things I'm doing now is adding curriculum from within stage three, and then like a chat within the curriculum so that you don't have to do the whole sort of copy from Cloud, download, add to stage three. 


Exactly, yeah. Cool, thanks. Go ahead, Bob. Go ahead, Pavel. Hello. I have a question. I was trying to use your example of clarity board. It's working very well. And I use it not in the HTML. 


I try to make it in Excel because it's much more easy to make changes if I want to in the future. Yep. And I'm wondering maybe you have some idea about your workflow hub to get interview from the bottom, from each employee. 


I was thinking about get new iPhone and open my account with cloud and give someone maybe to make an interview one hour. 


Maybe you have some solution about this. Sorry, when you say give them an iPhone, you mean, can you expand on that? Give iPhone open cloud and launch this prompt for clarity board. 


So similar to what Nancy is doing with her school. Yeah, I think that's great. Yeah. I can, if you want, I can give you the prompt I use for that clarity board. 


Um, We want all the prompts. Because I use your example that you sent by email, and I ask Cloud to make the same for me. 


Oh, nice. Yeah, just backwards. We want your prompt anyway. Okay. Result was amazing. Oh, sorry, Pablo. Yeah, I have more questions. And second one that I tried to change motivation. 


So I tried to make a new motivation for finances, for sales department. It worked amazing because they create new KPI dashboard. I can share my screen if you want. Just second. You see? Uh, each department have, uh, different KPIs from strategic session, many initiatives and, uh, one dashboard of all departments, uh, cloud make it, uh, five minutes. 


It was amazing. Very fast. Very cool. And, uh, just second. And another question I have. One color is a different person down below the different sections. 


Different departments. Different departments. Yes. Another question I have. Do I have to write something in instruction master prompt instruction? 


Sorry, I don't understand. is set project instruction. Do you have to write this? No, you don't have to. It can be empty? It can be empty. Project instructions are pretty similar to just the project knowledge, which you have quite full here on the right side there. 


So no, you don't have to put anything in there. Another question. Can you show the workflow? I struggle with this stage three, how to save new SOP, use RACI and update and share. 


Just a second, I share my screen on this question. This is what I see. And I put here this SOP and I see here is category of blueprints. 


I press here and put here guide 1.3 blueprint. Yep. Because I don't know how to feel. We're asking cloud how to make it right. I don't know. So what's the question? That looks good. The blueprint has an active SOP. 


If you want it. Maybe in the future it will be in next session how you use the stage three. Yeah, that's the plan. Not next session. I think the one after that is a bit more of a... 


a primer. Okay. Thank you. Yeah. So if you share, there's a share button. So if you share it, yeah, right there, you can share that with other people in your team and the way the sharing is nested. 


So right now you would be sharing your core process, which would then share all of the blueprints and all of the guides. 


However, if you go to a blueprint itself, so if you close this and then click on the SOP, for the category blueprint. 


So that's the core process. Yeah, the category blueprint was the one you had open before. Yeah, and so if you click share there, that will only share the blueprint and the guides underneath it. 


And then if you go to an individual guide, it'll only the guide. It won't share anything above it hierarchically. And how to use this AI tool to update? Yeah, so generally speaking, you should hit a new session. 


So the plus in the top right. And then basically, if you go to context next to the chat, you can add additional context for all of the underlying and sister SOPs. 


That will only add context if you have a current SOP. It's not going to get context from drafts. Only current. What's missing right now is your master prompt is not current. 


So if you go to AI master prompts on the menu under administration on the left menu. Yeah, under team settings, AI master problem. So you don't have, yeah, so you need a master prompt in here and you need to set it as active and setting it as current. 


And then you'll have a little toggle in your chat underneath, which allows you to choose which master prompts you're using when you're chatting with the bot. 


And so basically that combined with the role master prompts, which you haven't learned yet, But basically the role master prompt plus your company master prompt is what you chat with AI for. 


And it knows about you and your company. And so if you imagine your individual team members would also be using that and they would have and build their own role master prompt. 


And so then when you chat, it knows significantly more about you and what you do. But yeah, if you were where you were, basically in the AI chat, you just want to make sure you have your master prompt on. 


You just say, build a new version of this of this guy. Right. And you've given it the context or, you know, ask me, ask me three questions and then build a new version of this guy. 


And just like Claude, but faster, it'll do that. And then it'll actually populate it as a, as a new draft. And if you go to, you can do things in batch. So you can say, Hey, build all of the guides under this blueprint, you know, ask me four questions. 


Right. And it'll just go and do that and populate it for you. So that's a little faster than going to Claude and chatting and giving it context and copying and pasting it back in. 


Interesting. Hayden, related to use of Stage 3, I think I understood you last office hours to say that you used Google Doc or Drive as a go-between cloud. 


So you didn't try to keep versions in sync. And I didn't quite follow how you do that because I didn't see any integration between Drive and Stage 3. 


No. So there isn't natively an integration. You have to create a custom script to do that, which isn't too difficult to do, but you need to give permissions to basically G Suite in order to do that. 


But what it does for you is it's to give you the integration between stage three and Claude. So Claude uses the Google Docs as sources instead of .md files. 


And then stage three, there's a custom script that basically says, make with each of my knowledge documents, update these Google drive files on a cron job basis. 


Right. Or on a edit by edit basis, whichever way you want, which basically says, okay, now Claude stays up to date, which is a real problem. 


So yeah, it's, it's just a Google script. I need to, I haven't tried like distributing it to organizations. So I'm going to talk to my developer, just make sure that like it's safe and everything. 


Yeah. and scalable before I send it out. But that's the idea. And again, you could, honestly, you can go back and forth with Claude on how do I do that? 


So. Okay. I just didn't quite understand what you were doing. So that helps. Speaking of prompts, I'm not sure if I just missed it or I'm not sure what the, if we were supposed to create role prompts ourselves because they're not included in the prompts that we were given, right? 


We're just creating them ourselves. Yeah, I kind of got ahead of myself there because I've been teaching this in the Teams program. 


And so in office hours, people naturally have questions and I kind of talk about it. So yeah, we haven't taught it yet. My goal with stage three is to just add all the curriculum from Teams in there as well over time. 


And so I think we'll be able to add the first, I'm hoping, aiming to add the first nine sessions from Teams into stage three, like in the next couple of weeks. 


And so you could probably just bring it out to your team. Um, that way. But yeah, the concept there again is same idea. You are building out a role master prompt for your team members that really digs into all of the processes that they touch and what good looks like in their function, right? 


Whereas you guys have learned in a broader way what good looks like or great looks like across various functions and sort of broader strokes of like a core process. 


are going to look like what great looks like very specifically in their function, right? Which AI will help teach them and then teach them to build sort of bottoms up, um, usually guides and blueprints. 


Um, and so they typically do that in the first three sessions while learning the fundamentals, right? 


The fundamentals are still sort of things like, you know, three layers of processes, four layers of SOPs. 


Um, what is customers, what is the customer life cycle etc and then that leads into the clarity board session. 


The clarity procession leads into opportunity analysis for AI assistance and like teaching prompts, which then leads into them, AI actually helping them build out various prompts that help them as well as various workflows. 


I didn't, you know, Mike, I just asked, I described the role. It's okay, the receptionist and that they have to deal with clients, they have to take the bills. 


And then it just generated quite a good list and in different categories for me. And then I passed it around and got people to just add a few more things and seems pretty darn good based on the just describing what a little bit of what they did. 


We have another moment. I'll take advantage of you, Hayden. I know that you have been involved in some construction companies, and a lot of times you'll come into them and discover they're using QuickBooks, spreadsheets, and Outlook. 


And I just imagine by now, you know, after you've tried everything on the planet, you have some favorites about where you'd like to see the companies running on. 


on whatever platforms. So are you using any CAM platforms that you really like or do you make all your own? What type of construction? We're doing structural concrete and retaining walls, that sort of thing. 


When I buy a company, you're absolutely right. Actually, I usually stick with QuickBooks Online, by the way. That's actually part of my stack. We used to use Procore on some of our companies. 


I'm sure you've looked into this, but there are AI estimation tools for just about every single subcontractor construction company, and some of them are good. 


So we do that with plumbing quite effectively. What typically ends up happening is the, so the estimation side of the business is high, like has a pretty high cost collapse, right? 


In most businesses. And I would say like, that's the piece if there isn't already a good sub out there that I'll usually build. 


And it's not particularly difficult to build. And usually I actually will start by building spreadsheets because everyone knows how to use spreadsheets. 


The project. So what do you use for project management? Chaos. Okay. I'm not familiar with that. There's a whiteboard on the wall. There's people. It's makes me very uncomfortable. 


And then. Then there's these spreadsheets with some different colors on them. And there's a guy in the back yelling, you know, so that's pretty. 


So. Yeah. Yeah. So project management, again, I would actually look at using lightweight, easy to use tools like notion or air table and building it out with AI in mind versus using like Microsoft Project or anything super complex like that, I think that's totally unnecessary now. 


In fact, I think that those two are actually over their heads and that I'm actually looking at Smartsheet as something that they'll find easier to digest because it looks so much like spreadsheets. 


Yeah, so Smartsheet and Airtable are very similar in that way. I haven't used a lot of Smartsheet, just not for any good reason, but I know that they're big competitors. 


Um, yeah. And I, and I got to take like the other two are like notion and ClickUp are sort of the other two that are quite similar. 


I've always gone towards ClickUp for whatever reason. Um, but yeah, on, on the PM side, like using that along with like, how do people communicate, um, online or do that? 


Uh, you mean customers or interoffice? Uh, interoffice. Uh, they're, they're doing emails and, uh, conversations really. Okay. Um, everybody's in the office, like it's physically in the office. 


Well, you have, you have estimators, you know, going out and looking at sites and, and then there, you know, so like the followup is horrible. 


You know, like I see a lot of things falling through the cracks or potential for things falling through the cracks. 


And so, you know, but buttoning that down is a high priority. So from a data perspective, one of the best things you can do is make sure that every single communication is recorded. 


And so, So the best way to do that would be just to say, hey, you know, meetings always have an agent there or just install something like, you know, crisp and make sure that it's running or something. 


And that you basically have, whether it's Slack or Telegram or WhatsApp, you have a single place that you can have people communicate online. 


And it's not just like texting each other on cell phones because you can't record that. But obviously, if you can record everything, that's actually sort of an advantage of a remote environment. 


It's like everything by nature is recorded. But if you can record everything, that's where accountability and reporting can all get automated for you. 


And those two elements will help a lot with chaos. So I'd say that step number one is like figure out from a data perspective, how can you record your intercompany communication as much as possible? 


And I'll just offer you this. I've mentioned this before, but this is Plaud. And it hooks right on the phone here. And when you want to record, you ask, is it going to record this? 


Push the button. It picks up the phone call on both sides. Oh. Go to P-L-A-U-D, and it goes on. It generates, creates a summary, a whole bunch of lists. 


So it's a keeper, you know. And so I think we should buy these for our team, our salespeople, estimators, and then we can capture and understand what more they need to get their goals accomplished. 


Interesting. Yeah, that's a fun tool. I have a feeling that OpenAI's hardware thing is going to be something like that. 


Uh-huh. Yeah. Yeah, for those who didn't hear, it's P-L-A-U-D. Right. I've never used it, but that's awesome. Do you have other employees using that, or is it just you right now? 


I am the test hamster. Okay. Yeah, we use it for phone conversations. Like, we'd really like to capture everything, and we use Quo, which used to be open phone, which is great because you can have – Joint texts and communications, it gets transcripts for the calls. 


The problem we run into is my managers don't want to use it because it runs on Wi-Fi, so it's not as reliable as cell phone. 


So we're running into that issue and really want to do what Hayden is saying, capture more of our communications because we also have some silos of information based on not capturing calls as much or even texts that are going to cell phones. 


But, like, any solution to that I think helps tie into this business knowledge really makes it much more valuable. 


Super important. When we put RingCentral in and discovered that our person that was taking the incoming lead calls couldn't care less. 


Oh, yeah, yeah. Definitely, yeah. That was shocking. RingCentral before we went to Quo, but just wanted the additional – communication of quo, but it's not nearly as big a company as RingCentral. 


Yeah. But having that automated coaching going on, I can't wait to make it real because that's going to really make a difference in the results. 


You've been saying this, haven't you, Hayden? Yeah, that's the number one workflow I think everyone needs to input is record all your conversations, have a workflow that literally... 


transcribes, records in a single place, and then the workflow actually goes over a prompt according to that conversation that then scores the conversation on all sorts of different things and then ties into your actual scorecards and reporting, right? 


So that you know, if it's a sales conversation, you know whether it was a qualified lead or an unqualified lead and why, right? 


And it also scores the salesperson, right? And flags them for, you know, a low score, high score, right, for pipe reviews or call reviews. 


I mean, obviously that's from a sales perspective, but you can do it from an ops perspective. You can do it from a leadership perspective, right, from a training perspective. 


Very, you know, not difficult to do. The main thing is that first layer of just capturing all the information and figuring out the right system for that. 


But once you've got that, it's like very easy and cheap to maintain. Like you, Don, within three days of launching this, we identified that one of our salespeople was selling a competing product and fired them. 


Like this stuff is happening in all of our businesses, right? So there's that. But, you know, you have been down this path and created all that structure you were just describing. 


And so you've got it to where it's clear to you. But to me, it seems like a little bit of mountain to climb with Claude, you know, to make it real. 


So say more, please. So I have not done the Claude stuff or any of the, like, let's say in a construction company, with a physical office doing that layer of data recording. 


I personally have not done that. I've only, in those situations, I've only really done say, you know, using Podium and recording everything on that side for like CSRs, dispatchers, et cetera. 


Because I personally have not bought and integrated a construction business in the last six months, which went all the way down. 


Yeah. I mean, I like, like everything I would describe the problem and ask quad to one, three, one it. 


Right. So actually I have like a protocol that you're familiar with the one, three, one. Yeah. Yeah. So for those who don't know, one, three, one is like you often use it within teams. 


I use it with AI. But one, three, one is when you have a problem, describe one outcome, three paths to a solution or three solutions, and then one recommendation. 


And then like the follow on with AI, which is great, is to say, as part of a 131, identify the pros and cons of each solution and then do a second pass of the 131, analyzing each of the pros and mitigating each of the risks to come up with three more solutions and then give me the recommendation. 


So there's a nice little prompt for you to save to your master prompt is like, when you, when I say one, three, one, do these two things. 


And that's a great way for them to come back to you. And with a fairly well thought out version on how to, how do I accomplish, you know, the data collection process. 


Yeah. And they, and they build out behind that. Once you get the data, the, the reports you were talking about and the feedback. 


So some of you just keep asking quad to develop that stuff for you. And yep. And then the tree, the triggers, and then there's, There's a, so the data comes in, which is like a recording, for example, the what's the connection. 


Okay. So that arrives wherever. So like let's say you have a transcript, right? So you would usually tie it into wherever you keep your information. 


So let's say Google drive, maybe a lot of small businesses put it there. They'll put it into a certain Google drive folder, right? Both the transcript and the actual recording. 


So people can refer to it. Then it usually, updates the spreadsheet, right? And then one of the steps will be the prompt, right? That then updates the spreadsheet based on whatever you're prompting it to go over the transcript for, right? 


And then you might have a layer of notification, right? So you might have a layer of notification for, hey, you just had this call. 


Here's the follow-up. Here are the notes. Here's the follow-up along with the next two emails or texts. It's all being recorded. in whatever CRM you put it in, which is another step. 


Do you want me to send these or edit? And that would usually go out on whatever you choose to be your intercompany communication platform, maybe WhatsApp, maybe Telegram, maybe Slack. 


I think Telegram seems to be the free common solution here. And then your salesperson just says, yes, no, change this. And then it goes, it'll usually have another thing that triggers after which updates reporting, right? 


So updates reporting to say that the call was held to say that the call was qualified or unqualified, or the call was a show or a no show. 


And so, yeah, all of that happens in one workflow. Usually the trigger, depending on the type of call, usually the trigger would be that a bot attended a call on Google calendar. 


So that's usually the trigger. If you don't, if they're more ad hoc, and your meetings are ad hoc, you'll have to have a different trigger. 


It might have to be manual. If it's like literally someone walking into a room and maybe Plod has its own little connection where whenever you click the button, it sends a trigger. 


Probably does. It should. Yeah. But you'll have to figure out how to connect that. And in that video that you made with Tiago, when he asked you, there's a bar, like a CR code, one of those codes there that gives you a really nice notion, like description exactly how to build that thing. 


Yeah, so that was done in Zapier. That was done by an employee of our company who's not a developer. It's funny, that exact thing, I paid a developer to develop. 


I think it paid them like 40 grand and it took them like two months, maybe a year ago. And we never used it because it didn't work properly. And I didn't have my processes like correctly identify it. 


That one, like Andy did in, Andy's in the Philippines. Andy did that in maybe 2015. two weeks total in his spare time. And I think it costs us maybe like 30 bucks a month in dApps. 


That's the power of AI enabling your team. Yeah, it's terrific what we can do. Yeah. It's really helpful seeing what you, who are miles ahead of me, are showing us because that's super important. 


I don't even think I'm miles ahead of you. I think I might be six months ahead of you. In this day and age, that's a lot, right? But I'm trying to catch up. Okay. 4.30 AM club. I think we have time for another one or two questions if anyone else wants to, has anything else to discuss. 


I use something like Don says, this Soundcore. It's a little different. Also voice recorder and my workflow is using Notebook LM and transcribe conversation and make a Google sheet and update one Google chip for, for example, finance meetings and send the report to my old team. 


So what's the trigger on that? On that, like, do you have to like touch something? Yeah. So little data here. And so based on your conversation, it knows which sheet to update and. 


which Notebook LM to put it in? No, it's manually. I just sent from the phone, sent to Notebook LM in this notebook and transcribed by my hands. 


Right now it's not automated, it's manually. Yeah, I mean, hypothetically, you should be able to... Actually, the first workflow I ever created was maybe two years ago and it was a voice recorder. 


So I just had my voice recorder app, and I did it on make.com. And it was literally, I would say, it was a simple workflow where I would say something, it would save it to Google Drive, it would analyze what it was, and then send it to the right place. 


And so, same concept. That's cool. I use it every day, four times a day, very often. Awesome. What's that one called? It's a show. Spell it for us. We want to buy one. What's it called? 


This is called sound core work. Sound core work. Oh, it's the same company that makes my headphones. It's like a magnet. Right. Yeah, the magnet is part of mine, too. 


So I got the sound, S-O-U-N-D, and was the last word C-O-R-E? It's my wife telling me it's Anker. Soundcore, C-O-R-E. Is that what you think? Yep. The first autocomplete on Google is Soundcore Work versus Plod. 


Okay, perfect. And there's another called TIC note, T-I-C note. Now it's gonna be all over the place, no place to hide. Aiden, I have a, if nobody's got another question, I have a question just related to trying to store business knowledge and personal knowledge and capturing that kind of along the lines of this, but maybe just small bits of information. 


You know, I think historically you had to look a lot at what the UI was going to be and how people are going to access information. 


And I was listening to Nate B. Jones. I don't know if you follow him, but he was talking about an open brain and which is really just using a desktop base like Supabase and capturing all this information because it's more machine readable, more accessible by AI. 


And I just wonder if we're thinking as business owners of capturing knowledge, are we at a point where pretty soon we can not pay so much attention to that access layer, the UI? 


Because even Comparative City, and I think a month ago he used an example with Obsidian, and then he's saying, well, that's yesterday. 


Today it's relational database. My experience with RAG systems is that they are thus far not as accurate as recording As like discerning important pieces of context and only recording those pieces. 


So I 100% agree that that is the way we're going and that's the way we're heading. RAG is kind of slow and not that effective. Have you used RAG much? Like, have you? No, you know, I'm only, I'm not really well-versed on what exactly RAG would be. 


So when you say RAG, that's what you would think of when you're using a relational database without a lot of structure. 


Yeah. So, so usually like the way they've done it historically is with like something like pine cone or a vector database. 


Right. You could, I mean, yeah. So, so basically the, the issue there is like actually creating a system that effectively finds, let's say needle in a haystack style, knowledge quickly and efficiently and cheaply is historically has been quite hard to do. 


And in my, my, the way I've been looking at this as technology progresses, because I've been comparing rag versus master prompt versus prompt injection, full prompt injection and the compounding, like, uh, the token limits, the token windows increase, right? 


The usable token windows increase, um, the cost of tokens go down so far faster than the ability for sort of RAG, in my opinion, to keep up. 


And so as long as that continues to happen, I will continue using this approach. In terms of recording absolutely everything and that like what you actually need to do is you need a system that intelligently, and this is what the second brain I think leads to, right? 


I have not built this yet. So this is hypothetical. But if you're able to record everything, you need a second brain orchestrator that discerns what's worth recording and adding to your second brain. 


I don't think it's everything gets recorded into a rag database and then you go, like, that's way too much data, right? 


And so it's that discernment piece, which is like a well-trained master prompt AI orchestrator that discerns what's important to be updated. 


And that, again, I think for a long time is going to have a human in the loop component. right. Where it's going to be just messaging you whenever, you know, on Telegram or whatever saying, Hey, based on this, I think this aspect of the master prompt needs to be updated. 


Can I do it? Right. Yes. And so I think everyone's job is going to be talking to agents on your phone. Does that answer your question? So if you were, thinking about setting out to really gather all your company's knowledge at this time, considering there's going to be a lot of changes, just guessing, like, what's the best way to think about, like, where would you do that? 


Like, you know, I'm used to using Notion to gather knowledge, but I like the idea of Obsidian, but maybe not for Teams because of the way, you know, so I, as a team, how would you think about gathering team knowledge? 


So I would first think of what is the MISI framework, right? The mutually exclusive, cumulatively exhaustive framework of a knowledge of a business, which is what Empower is, right? 


So what are resources? What are priorities? What are processes in the company? Set that all up, right? And then how do I extract this data from the individuals in the company first, right? 


And then add it to whatever structure I have. So in Cloud Code, I literally have companies and then every company has resources, processes, priorities, and I just populate out the folders. 


And if you're more advanced at this, you have bots interviewing your employees. Based on what that happens, it populates and updates throughout. 


But I think ultimately the organizational knowledge is often going to come from your employees because they hold the tribal knowledge in a business, especially in small businesses. 


And then maybe secondarily through integrations with tech, you know, with your CRM, with your finance data, et cetera. 


But, I mean, I think employees is the hack. Okay. I guess I'm thinking about it not so much as SOPs and guides and company knowledge that way, but maybe more data that we might be capturing on a day-to-day basis regarding clients and, like, you know, You know, just thinking about that sort of or specific technical knowledge related to the work we do, which, of course, some of that would be captured in guides. 


But, yeah, I think that's helpful thinking about, you know, with stage three and gathering that data. 


I'm thinking kind of the peripheral stuff that goes on all the time. I mean, it needs to be, I still look at this as like customer touch points, right? 


Every customer touch point is a source of data, right? And so, but that still needs to be in your processes, right? Whether that's a layer of automation workflow, you know, I still look at that as part of a process. 


Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah, really. It really is. How are you capturing that every time? I always feel that there's a goldmine in the email history. 


To me, that needs to be mined. I just want to mention that this thing I've been talking about with Cortex and Notebook LM, one of the reasons why it got my attention is I can get a list of all the sources of all my notebooks. 


put them into something else, and I can sort them out and all that. So that helps me control what I've been putting in there and helps me silo it as new needs arise. 


So people are building add-ons, trying to make Notebook LM more useful. And is that like a Chrome extension? Yeah, it is. And I was writing to Mike about this on the chat on the curriculum there, on the whatever you call it, community. 


And so you'll find the note in there if you want to take a look at it. But the minute I saw it, I bought a lifetime license for $39. And it turned out to be better than I expected. 


So I'm kind of raving about that right now. It'll be short-lived probably. A notebook will probably – You know, take all their great ideas and put them to work. 


After your message, I also buy this. Yeah, it's amazing. You goldmine emails. I would agree. Do you have any good app technology which you would let into your archives, email archives, and then with a certain context, look through them? 


You that world is changing really fast. Hayden knows a lot more about this than I do, I think. But it appears that even I think Microsoft themselves are bringing something to the table on this. 


I just thought I saw a headline go by about that. But it's like kind of a no-brainer that an organization, you know, who's got 30 people sending emails around, you know, all that wealthy value of information ought to be getting – absorbed into the Borg. 


How are you doing it, Don, on the email side? Luckily, I'm using Gmail in a workspace, and I use little add-ons that let me export, let me gather a bunch of emails and turn them into a PDF. 


It's really stupid, but it has been useful even in my little world here, you know, but I'll And then, of course, Gemini pretends to read my email account. 


But that's horrible. I find that to be, you know, fails all the time. But Claude, I find Claude, I hooked Claude up with my whole workspace. 


And I'm finding Claude to be much better than Gemini on terms of interrogating what's in the email. 


And did you do that as just like it's integrated, like it's personalized? Basic add-on? Are you using an MCP? I just connected Cloud to my workspace and gave it access to my spreadsheets and the docs. 


Go ahead. Take everything. My life's not that interesting. kind of like you, Don. I've been waiting for Gmail to do this properly. I didn't think it was worth my time because I assumed that by now they would have done it. 


So I'm not actually doing it, and I'm not willing to give OpenClaw access to my email. So yeah, I can't offer a lot of advice here. Is anyone else using AI to mine their email actively? 


I was trying to do this, but I was scared about this. Yeah, I feel the same. would be a great help because actually we are trying to create for our leasers a kind of a single source of truth. 


And it's coming from from several sources. And one of them is huge. And it will be going back for basically the past years, I guess, could be email. 


So if anybody has an idea how we could do that, that would be really, really helpful for us. I mention that there's an outfit called Mail Suite. They're busy building add-ons that hook onto Gmail. 


I don't know what else they do, but they're constantly innovating ways to extract more value out of the emails. 


That's the one I've been using on my own Gmail account. Unfortunately, I mean, it's kind of sad that that's the best we have right now. 


But it's still, you know, they're creating these little widgets, really, and it's like, oh, here's one that'll do this, that'll do that, you know? 


So it's just little add-ons for the time being. There's got to be a nice Cloud Code integration here. Ultimately, what you want to do is export your entire Gmail database. 


And as soon as you can do that, then you can tear it to shreds, extract what's in there. gonna look into this. This is... Thanks Hayden. Yep. Can I show you one more workflow? 


Go for it. I'll share my screen. I create, uh, with cloud, uh, one project, uh, like, um, strategic assistant. And, uh, before I use a classic hosting country and cloud gave me this format. 


This is, uh, drivers initiatives. Each driver has some initiatives, departments, and, uh, they update backlog in work or done. 


Finish. And I upload this SCV file put in this chat in cloud. This SCV file. It analyze changes, how many initiatives, what is changed, and give me feedback. 


And I ready to go make this session with my It's a very cool improvement. And then I create one more chart. Put here everything that we speak in this session. 


It analyzes key points, questions. And give me feedback. I check this feedback and say, okay, I agree with you. This is very good. And it gives me preparation for next session. 


So in one moment, I'm ready to next session. It's amazing. With cloud, I make this strategic session and update very fast and visual how many we finished initiatives, what was in progress and in backlog and how we move it. 


on this second mouse. One thing we're implementing right now for similar, for like initiative, for strategic initiatives, we use that like the OKR, objective and key results framework. 


But basically in stage three, we have like agent, like routine agents, which are basically cron jobs, right? 


Which allow you to actually follow up with a task in an AI chat for each team member. based on their initiative, and then apply a prompt to it. 


And so if you wanted to use something like Hoshi Konri as a framework, you would just apply the Hoshi Konri side of the prompt to it. 


But this way, it could then kick off on a schedule, like a time schedule, updates for all initiatives. 


And then based on interviewing back and forth with your team members, then update a sheet like this live. 


which for me, again, one of the things I think is going to be really interesting with AI is all your employees will have probably multiple objectives or initiatives going on at a time that they never would have had before because you just didn't have the capacity to delegate and ask them to do that. 


This is super cool. And every department have their own dashboard. this is initiatives like project and subtask. And we have small gantt chart and they track it and make update. 


And I give them all access to all initiatives. And after maybe one, two, three, five months, they forget about this. What was it about? And I give them access to notebook lm and they can go and ask questions here, some question and remind what was one year ago, what was it about? 


It's very good because everyone forget after five months. Very cool. timely for something I'm working on too. I may follow up and ask. you to share a couple of things if that's okay. 


Cool. Well, thank you, everyone. I'll see you on Friday. Thank you. I'll be presenting the remainder of the sessions. Yep. See you Friday 1 p.m. Eastern. Take care, everyone. Take care. Bye-bye. 


Bye. 